Fix 1 (#21)
RocketChat/Apps.Google.Calendar: README.md

Integrates google calendar with your Rocket.Chat server.

> * **This project is for [Google Summer of Code 2019](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/)**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **This project has been developed as part of the [Google Summer of Code 2019](https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/) program**.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.

* `/calendar invite "Title" "Date" "Starttime" "Endtime" ` - This slashcommand will create public events which will include inviting all the users present inside the room (in which command is called) to this event. All the users will receive the event invite through e-mails. They can respond to that invite and the organizer will receive their response notifications via e-mails.

##### Demo for Commands

Click on the image to see the demo for above mentioned commands. Link will take you to youtube demo video.

[![Demo for Calendar App](https://img.youtube.com/vi/s7_UIrW29AI/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7_UIrW29AI) 

#### Handling Errors

Anytime the app is not behaving as expected or commands not working, try these 2 things - 

* First, check the format of the command and make sure the format is correct (for eg. create command).
* Try logging in again, by first logging out using `/calendar logout` command and again authenticating.

**If after trying these 2 methods, commands still dont work, raise an issue in the repository, explaining the current behaviour, things you have tried.**

> ### Wanna improve the Calendar Integration?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Want to improve the Google Calendar app?
```

Author: Changed as suggested.
